Codebook
========

This codebook describes the variables that are found in the `clean_dataset.txt` file generated by running the 'run_analysis.R' script.

Identifier lists and descriptions
---------------------------------

The dataset has the following two identifiers.

Identifier name  | Description
-----------------|------------
Subject          | ID of the subject who performed the activity for each window sample. Its range is from 1 to 30.
Activity         | Activity name. 

The activities are dived in six categories:
* Walking
* Walking Upstairs
* Walking Downstairs
* Sitting
* Standing
* Laying


Variable lists and descriptions
-------------------------------

The other 66 columns denoted the avarage number of the different measurements taken for each combination of identifiers.
The column names indicate what type of measurement was taken.


Feature name     | Columnname identifier | Description
-----------------|-----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------
Domain           | _t_ or _f_		 | Time domain signal or frequency domain signal
Instrument       | _Acc_ or _Gyro_	 | Measuring instrument (Accelerometer or Gyroscope)
Acceleration     | _Body_ or _Gravity_	 | Acceleration signal
Jerk             | _Jerk_		 | Jerk signal
Magnitude        | _Mag_		 | Magnitude of the signals calculated using the Euclidean norm
Variable         | _mean()_ or _std()_	 | Variable (Mean or Standard Deviation)
Axis	         | _X_, _Y_ or _Z_	 | Axis of direction (X, Y or Z-direction)

For simplicity and brevity the full description for all the features will not be included here.
The full description can be found in the `features_info.txt` file included in the raw data file that can be downloaded [here](https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip).